{\rtf1\ansi \deff2\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Arial};}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier;}
{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Serif;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times{\*\falt Times New Roman};}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica{\*\falt Arial};}{\f10\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 System;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Geneva;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Marlett;}
{\f15\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Wingdings;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Black;}{\f17\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Comic Sans MS;}{\f18\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Impact;}{\f19\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana;}{\f20\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Webdings;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 MT Extra;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Narrow;}{\f23\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Book Antiqua;}{\f24\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Bookman Old Style;}{\f25\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Century Schoolbook;}
{\f26\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Monotype Sorts;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Haettenschweiler;}{\f28\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}{\f29\fmodern\fcharset2\fprq1 MS LineDraw;}{\f30\fmodern\fcharset255\fprq2 Modern;}{\f31\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq1 MS Dialog;}
{\f32\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Fixedsys;}{\f33\fmodern\fcharset255\fprq1 Terminal;}{\f34\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Small Fonts;}{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Dialog Light;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS SystemEx;}
{\f37\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Bookshelf Symbol 1;}{\f38\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Bookshelf Symbol 2;}{\f39\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Bookshelf Symbol 3;}{\f40\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Lucida Bright;}{\f41\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 (normal text);}
{\f42\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Algerian;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Rounded MT Bold;}{\f44\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Braggadocio;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Britannic Bold;}{\f46\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Brush Script MT;}
{\f47\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Century Gothic;}{\f48\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Colonna MT;}{\f49\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Desdemona;}{\f50\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Footlight MT Light;}{\f51\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Kino MT;}{\f52\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Wide Latin;}
{\f53\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Matura MT Script Capitals;}{\f54\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Playbill;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq0 Chicago;}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 Monaco;}{\f57\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Math\'e9matiques;}
{\f58\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Zapf Dingbats;}{\f59\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Bookman;}{\f60\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 N Helvetica Narrow;}{\f61\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Palatino;}{\f62\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Zapf Chancery;}{\f63\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Avant Garde;}
{\f64\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 New Century Schlbk;}{\f65\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Math;}{\f66\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Kufi;}{\f67\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 SuperGreek;}{\f68\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Garamond Narrow;}{\f69\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Swing;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb
\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb120\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f2\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 3;}{
\s4\li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 4;}{\s5\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 5;}{\s6\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\ul\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 6;}{
\s7\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 7;}{\s8\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 8;}{\s9\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \i\f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 9;}
{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext16 footnote text;}{\s17\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext17 Normal Indent;}{\s18\fi-240\li480\sb80\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx480 \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext18 nscba;}{\s19\fi-240\li240\sa20\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext19 j;}{\s20\li480\sa20\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar 
\f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext20 ij;}{\s21\sb80\sa20\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext21 btb;}{\s22\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext22 ctcb;}{\s23\fi-240\li480\sa40\sl240\slmult0
\widctlpar\tx480 \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext23 ns;}{\s24\sa120\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\fs28\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext24 TT;}{\s25\fi-240\li2400\sa20\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext25 crtj;}{\s26\fi-240\li480\sl240\slmult0
\widctlpar\tx480 \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext26 nsca;}{\s27\sa20\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext27 bt;}{\s28\li240\sb120\sa40\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext28 Hf;}{\s29\li240\sb120\sa40\sl240\slmult0
\widctlpar \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext29 Hs;}{\s30\li480\sb120\sa40\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext30 RT;}{\s31\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx2160 \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext31 c;}{
\s32\li2160\sa20\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext32 ct;}{\s33\li240\sa20\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext33 it;}{\s34\li480\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext34 nsct;}{
\s35\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext35 nscb;}{\s36\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880 \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext36 HC2;}{
\s37\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx2880 \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext37 C2;}{\s38\fi-240\li2400\sa20\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext38 ctc;}{\s39\li2160\sb160\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext39 crt;}{\s40\li480\sb20\sa40\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f9\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext40 or;}{\s41\fi-259\li360\sb40\sa40\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext41 Ln1;}{\s42\li115\sb80\sa80\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar 
\f7\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 *Intro;}{\s43\li115\sb80\sa80\sl240\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\lang2057 \sbasedon3\snext42 *Title;}{\s44\fi-245\li360\sb80\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext44 *Jl;}{\s45\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext0 Lp1;}{
\s46\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1915 \f7\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext46 Tph;}{\s47\li115\sb120\sa80\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \snext41 Proch;}{\*\cs48 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\title AFXPRINT}
{\subject MFC Print RTF Help}{\author AFX}{\operator -}{\creatim\yr1992\mo10\dy7\hr12\min33}{\revtim\yr1998\mo12\dy13\hr23\min14}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages73}{\nofwords8117}{\nofchars46272}{\*\company  }{\vern57431}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrth\brdrw60\brsp20\brdrcf10 
\shading1000 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {
\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HIDR_MAINFRAME} #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} main_index}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {
\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HIDH_CONTENT}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 $} WinTL3 Help}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {
\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K} Main index}}{\cf10\lang1033  }{\i\fs48\cf10\lang1033 WinTL3 Help}{\cf10\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par 
\par This help document describes the TLisp Workbench for Windows\'ae 95 and Windows NT\'ae.
\par Select command }{\uldb\lang1033 Help Tool}{\v\lang1033 HID_RUN_HELPTOOL}{\lang1033  in the Help menu to learn about the TL3 language.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs22\lang1033 General Information
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\uldb\lang1033 Copying WinTL3}{\v\lang1033 HIDH_COPYING}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 About TL3 and WinTL3}{\v\lang1033 HIDH_WINTL3}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 About Neuristique}{\v\lang1033 HIDH_NSA}{\lang1033 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }{\b\fs22\lang1033 Windows
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\uldb\lang1033 The WinTL3 Console}{\v\lang1033 HIDR_CONSOLETYPE}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 The Text Editor}{\v\lang1033 HIDR_TEXTTYPE}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 The TLisp Program Editor}{\v\lang1033 HIDR_SNTYPE}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 The TLisp Graphic Windows}{\v\lang1033 HIDR_GRAPHTYPE}{\lang1033 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }{\b\fs22\lang1033 Tool and Status Bars
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\uldb\lang1033 The Main Toolbar}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 The Console Toolbar}{\v\lang1033 HIDR_CONSFRAME}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 The Status Bar}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR}{\lang1033 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }{\b\fs22\lang1033 Menus
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\uldb\lang1033 The File menu}{\v\lang1033 menu_file}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 The Edit menu}{\v\lang1033 menu_edit}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 The Search menu}{\v\lang1033 menu_search}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 The Console menu}{\v\lang1033 menu_console}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 The Preferences menu}{\v\lang1033 menu_preferences}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 The Window menu}{\v\lang1033 menu_window}{\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 The Help menu}{\v\lang1033 menu_help}{\lang1033 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par 
\par }{\fs16\lang1033 Windows, NT and Visual C++ are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
\par TL3, WinTL3, SN28, TL/Prevision, TL/Open are trademarks of Neuristique s.a.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HIDH_WINTL3}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 TL3, WinTL3}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 $} About TL3 and WinTL3}}{\lang1033  About TL3 and WinTL3
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par }\pard \li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\uldb\lang1033 Copying WinTL3}{\v\lang1033 HIDH_COPYING} {\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 About Neuristique}{\v\lang1033 HIDH_NSA}{\lang1033 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par The core of most numerical programs is usually small. The bulk of the code however consists in reading data files, writing result files, producing graphics, managing memory, interfacing with standard packages. 
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 TL3}{\lang1033  is a compact and reliable object oriented Lisp interpreter. This interactive environment provides a wide collection of features that you often need and never have time to implement: 
\par }\pard \li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 - data input and output
\par - graphic primitives
\par - user interface tools
\par - memory management
\par - basic mathematical and statistical routines
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }{\b\lang1033 WinTL3}{\lang1033  is a }{\b\lang1033 Open Source (GPL)}{\lang1033  port of TL3 to the Windows\'ae 95 and Windows NT\'ae operating systems. This version of TL3 is fully compatible with the latest versions offered on large workstations. I
t also includes a Windows specific user interface including a TL3 aware text editor. It contains the TL/Open package which allows you to create }{\b\lang1033 TL3 extensions written in C}{\lang1033 
. You can then redistribute these extensions without constraints.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HIDH_COPYING}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Copying WinTL3; WinTL3 license}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 $} WinTL3 Free License}}{\lang1033  WinTL3 Licensing Conditions (GPL)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par 
\par This version of WinTL3 is governed by the GPL version 2 or any later version.
\par 
\par }{\f11\fs16\lang1033 \tab \tab     GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
\par \tab \tab        Version 2, June 1991
\par 
\par  Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
\par      59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
\par  Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
\par  of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab     Preamble
\par 
\par   The licenses for most software are designed to take away your
\par freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public
\par License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free
\par software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.  This
\par General Public License applies to most of the Free Software
\par Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to
\par using it.  (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by
\par the GNU Library General Public License instead.)  You can apply it to
\par your programs, too.
\par 
\par   When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
\par price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
\par have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
\par this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it
\par if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it
\par in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.
\par 
\par   To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
\par anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.
\par These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you
\par distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.
\par 
\par   For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether
\par gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that
\par you have.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the
\par source code.  And you must show them these terms so they know their
\par rights.
\par 
\par   We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and
\par (2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy,
\par distribute and/or modify the software.
\par 
\par   Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain
\par that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free
\par software.  If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we
\par want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so
\par that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original
\par authors' reputations.
\par 
\par   Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software
\par patents.  We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free
\par program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the
\par program proprietary.  To prevent this, we have made it clear that any
\par patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.
\par 
\par   The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
\par modification follow.
\par 
\par \tab \tab     GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
\par    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
\par 
\par   0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains
\par a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed
\par under the terms of this General Public License.  The "Program", below,
\par refers to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program"
\par means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law:
\par that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it,
\par either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another
\par language.  (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in
\par the term "modification".)  Each licensee is addressed as "you".
\par 
\par Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
\par covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of
\par running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program
\par is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the
\par Program (independent of having been made by running the Program).
\par Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.
\par 
\par   1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's
\par source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you
\par conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate
\par copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the
\par notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty;
\par and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License
\par along with the Program.
\par 
\par You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and
\par you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.
\par 
\par   2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion
\par of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and
\par distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1
\par above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:
\par 
\par     a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices
\par     stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.
\par 
\par     b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in
\par     whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any
\par     part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third
\par     parties under the terms of this License.
\par 
\par     c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively
\par     when run, you must cause it, when started running for such
\par     interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an
\par     announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a
\par     notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide
\par     a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under
\par     these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this
\par     License.  (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but
\par     does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on
\par     the Program is not required to print an announcement.)
\par 
\par These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If
\par identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program,
\par and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
\par themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
\par sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you
\par distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
\par on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
\par this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
\par entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.
\par 
\par Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest
\par your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to
\par exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
\par collective works based on the Program.
\par 
\par In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program
\par with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of
\par a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under
\par the scope of this License.
\par 
\par   3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it,
\par under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of
\par Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:
\par 
\par     a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable
\par     source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections
\par     1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,
\par 
\par     b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three
\par     years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your
\par     cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete
\par     machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be
\par     distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium
\par     customarily used for software interchange; or,
\par 
\par     c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer
\par     to distribute corresponding source code.  (This alternative is
\par     allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you
\par     received the program in object code or executable form with such
\par     an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)
\par 
\par The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for
\par making modifications to it.  For an executable work, complete source
\par code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any
\par associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to
\par control compilation and installation of the executable.  However, as a
\par special exception, the source code distributed need not include
\par anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary
\par form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the
\par operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component
\par itself accompanies the executable.
\par 
\par If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering
\par access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent
\par access to copy the source code from the same place counts as
\par distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not
\par compelled to copy the source along with the object code.
\par 
\par   4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program
\par except as expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt
\par otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is
\par void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License.
\par However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under
\par this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such
\par parties remain in full compliance.
\par 
\par   5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not
\par signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or
\par distribute the Program or its derivative works.  These actions are
\par prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by
\par modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the
\par Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and
\par all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
\par the Program or works based on it.
\par 
\par   6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the
\par Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
\par original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to
\par these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further
\par restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
\par You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to
\par this License.
\par 
\par   7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
\par infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
\par conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
\par otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
\par excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot
\par distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
\par License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
\par may not distribute the Program at all.  For example, if a patent
\par license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by
\par all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then
\par the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
\par refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.
\par 
\par If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under
\par any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to
\par apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other
\par circumstances.
\par 
\par It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any
\par patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
\par such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
\par integrity of the free software distribution system, which is
\par implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made
\par generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
\par through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
\par system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing
\par to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
\par impose that choice.
\par 
\par This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
\par be a consequence of the rest of this License.
\par 
\par   8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in
\par certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
\par original copyright holder who places the Program under this License
\par may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding
\par those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among
\par countries not thus excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates
\par the limitation as if written in the body of this License.
\par 
\par   9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions
\par of the General Public License from time to time.  Such new versions will
\par be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to
\par address new problems or concerns.
\par 
\par Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Program
\par specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any
\par later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions
\par either of that version or of any later version published by the Free
\par Software Foundation.  If the Program does not specify a version number of
\par this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software
\par Foundation.
\par 
\par   10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free
\par programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author
\par to ask for permission.  For software which is copyrighted by the Free
\par Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes
\par make exceptions for this.  Our decision will be guided by the two goals
\par of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and
\par of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab     NO WARRANTY
\par 
\par   11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
\par FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN
\par OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
\par PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED
\par OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
\par MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS
\par TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE
\par PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING,
\par REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
\par 
\par   12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
\par WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
\par REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
\par INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING
\par OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
\par TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY
\par YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER
\par PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
\par POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\par 
\par \tab \tab      END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
\par \page 
\par \tab     How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs
\par 
\par   If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest
\par possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it
\par free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.
\par 
\par   To do so, attach the following notices to the program.  It is safest
\par to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively
\par convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least
\par the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.
\par 
\par     <one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.>
\par     Copyright (C) 19yy  <name of author>
\par 
\par     This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
\par     it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
\par     the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
\par     (at your option) any later version.
\par 
\par     This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
\par     but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\par     MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
\par     GNU General Public License for more details.
\par 
\par     You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
\par     along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
\par     Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
\par 
\par 
\par Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.
\par 
\par If the program is interactive, make it output a short notice like this
\par when it starts in an interactive mode:
\par 
\par     Gnomovision version 69, Copyright (C) 19yy name of author
\par     Gnomovision comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'.
\par     This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
\par     under certain conditions; type `show c' for details.
\par 
\par The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate
\par parts of the General Public License.  Of course, the commands you use may
\par be called something other than `show w' and `show c'; they could even be
\par mouse-clicks or menu items--whatever suits your program.
\par 
\par You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your
\par school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if
\par necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:
\par 
\par   Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program
\par   `Gnomovision' (which makes passes at compilers) written by James Hacker.
\par 
\par   <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1989
\par   Ty Coon, President of Vice
\par 
\par This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into
\par proprietary programs.  If your program is a subroutine library, you may
\par consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the
\par library.  If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Library General
\par Public License instead of this License.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HIDH_NSA}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K} Neuristique}
${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 $} About Neuristique}}{\lang1033  About Neuristique
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par 
\par }Neuristique is a software company{\lang1033  focusing on}
 mathematical engineering, learning systems and data mining.  Neuristique delivers algorithms that take advantage of example databases for performing pattern recognition and data forecasting tasks, like o
ptical character recognition, acoustic signal identification, highway traffic forecasting, or customer demand forecasting.
\par {\lang1033 \line }{\b\fs22\cf9\lang1033 Products}{\b\cf9\lang1033  :
\par }{\lang1033 
\par }\pard \fi-1350\li1710\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1710 {\b\lang1033 TL3:\tab }{\lang1033 A development environment for interactive numerical applications. The Windows\'ae version, nicknamed }{\b\lang1033 WinTL3}{\lang1033 
, is freely redistribuable. The Unix versions are available for a moderate fee.  Call us for a list of related products and services.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 SN28:\tab }{\lang1033 A powerful neural network simulator based on TL3. Initially created by L\'e9on Bottou and Yann Le\~Cun, this versatile tool has been routinely used for several years by major research organizations worldwide.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Pr\'e9vision:\tab }{\lang1033 A general purpose forecasting tool which features database mining tools and sophisticated non linear forecasting algorithms. }{\b\lang1033 Pr\'e9vision}{\lang1033 
 provides a fresh view of the information stored in your company databases. This product is the basis of a sizable consulting activity.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }{\b\fs22\cf9\lang1033 Call us}{\b\cf9\lang1033  :
\par }{\lang1033 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx360\tx1260 {\lang1033 \tab Fax: \tab International access code}{\b\lang1033  + 33 1 42470028
\par }{\lang1033 \tab \tab From France, dial  }{\b\lang1033 0142470028
\par }{\lang1033 \tab 
\par \tab Phone: \tab International access code}{\b\lang1033  + 33 1 42470261
\par \tab \tab }{\lang1033 From France, dial  }{\b\lang1033 0142470261
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx360\tx1800 {\lang1033 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx360\tx1260 {\lang1033 \tab Email: \tab }{\b\lang1033 info@neuristique.fr}{\lang1033  
\par 
\par \tab Mail:\tab }{\b\lang1033 Neuristique s.a.}{\lang1033 
\par \tab \tab }{\b\lang1036 28 rue des Petites Ecuries}{\lang1033 
\par \tab \tab }{\b\lang1033 75010 Paris}{\lang1033 
\par \tab \tab }{\b\lang1033 France
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HIDR_CONSOLETYPE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 TLisp Console}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 $} TLisp Console}}{\lang1033  TLisp Console
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The TLisp console is the place where you type TLisp commands and where TLisp displays the results of evaluating your commands.  There is only one TLisp console that you can pop up at all times using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Show Console}{\v\lang1033 
HID_VIEW_CONSOLE}{\lang1033  from the Window menu (or key F9). 
\par 
\par The TLisp console records a complete trace of all commands you typed and all messages displayed by the TLisp interpreter. You can save this trace to a file using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Save As}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}{\lang1033 
 from the File menu. You can print this trace using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Print}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_PRINT}{\lang1033  from the File menu. You can also select parts of this trace and transfer this selection to the clipboard using command }{
\uldb\lang1033 Copy}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_COPY}{\lang1033  from the Edit menu.
\par 
\par The text displayed in the console appears in three different colors. These colors can be customized using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Console Settings}{\v\lang1033 HID_PREF_CONSOLE}{\lang1033  from the Preferences menu. We describe here the default colors:

\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 The trace of the commands you typed is displayed in blue.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}The trace of the messages returned by the TLisp interpreter is displayed in black.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}Pending commands are displayed in green.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par You can type command text at the bottom of the console window. Command text initially appears in green and is fully editable. This text turns blue and becomes read-only after being read by the
 TLisp interpreter. This process depends on the console mode displayed in the }{\uldb\lang1033 Status Bar}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR}{\lang1033 :
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 The status bar displays message "\~TLisp is RUNNING\~
" when the TLisp interpreter is busy executing previous commands. No command text is read from the console until this execution terminates.
\par {\pntext\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 The status bar displays message "\~TLisp is READY\~
" when the TLisp interpreter is waiting for new commands. The interpreter will read commands when you validate them using key ENTER.
\par {\pntext\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 The status bar displays message "\~TLisp is HELD\~
" when the console is in "hold mode". This mode prevents TLisp to read any text from the console buffer. You are then free to edit multi-line expressions in the console buffer. You can toggle this mode using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Hold input}{
\v\lang1033 HID_CONSOLE_HOLD}{\lang1033  from the Console menu or the SCROLL LOCK key.
\par {\pntext\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 The status bar displays message "\~TLisp has EXITED\~
" when the execution of TLisp has terminated. This condition typically happens when you exit the interpreter but still have unsaved documents in text editor windows.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par There is a small toolbar across the top of the console window. This }{\uldb\lang1033 Console Toolbar}{\v\lang1033 HIDR_CONSFRAME}{\lang1033  provides shortcuts for console specific commands. Similar commands are also available from the }{\uldb\lang1033 
Console menu}{\v\lang1033 menu_console}{\lang1033 .
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HIDR_TEXTTYPE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Text Document}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 $} Text Document}}{\lang1033  Text Documents
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Text editor windows are created 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 by selecting command }{\uldb\lang1033 New}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_NEW}{\lang1033 
 in menu File and selecting "Text Document" 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}by opening a text file using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Open}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_OPEN}{\lang1033  in menu File. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}by clicking the "New Text Document" icon in the }{\uldb\lang1033 Toolbar}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}{\lang1033 . 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par You can view and modify the text using the keyboard and the mouse as usual under Windows.
\par Menu }{\uldb\lang1033 Edit}{\v\lang1033 menu_edit}{\lang1033  provides commands for transferring text between the text editor and the clipboard. You can also undo the last editions using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Undo}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_UNDO}{\lang1033 
. Menu }{\uldb\lang1033 File}{\v\lang1033 menu_file}{\lang1033  provides commands for saving and printing text documents. Menu }{\uldb\lang1033 Search}{\v\lang1033 menu_search}{\lang1033  provides commands for searching and replacing arb
itrary text in the document.
\par 
\par The filename of the text document appears in the text editor title bar. This filename is followed by a star when the document has been edited but not yet saved. The text editor font size can be customized using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Editor Settings}{
\v\lang1033 HID_PREF_EDITOR}{\lang1033  in menu Preferences.
\par 
\par It is sometimes useful to display two parts of the same text document at the same time. You can create another window displaying the same document using command }{\uldb\lang1033 New Window}{\v\lang1033 HID_WINDOW_NEW}{\lang1033 . You can also }{
\uldb\lang1033 split the text editor window}{\v\lang1033 HID_WINDOW_NEW}{\lang1033  in two panes.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HIDR_SNTYPE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 TLisp Document}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 $} TLisp Document}}{\lang1033  TLisp Documents
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par TLisp program editor windows are created 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 by selecting command }{\uldb\lang1033 New}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_NEW}{\lang1033 
 in menu File and selecting "TLisp Document" 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}by opening a TLisp program file using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Open}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_OPEN}{\lang1033  in menu File. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}by clicking the "New TLisp Document" icon in the }{\uldb\lang1033 Toolbar}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}{\lang1033 . 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par The TLisp program editor is a text editor that understands the TLisp syntax. Specific colors 
are used for displaying keywords, strings and comments. Function headers and help entry headers are recognized and displayed in bold face. TLisp programs are automatically indented while you type. A visual effect locates the matching left parenthesis when
ever you type a right parenthesis. Command }{\uldb\lang1033 Editor Settings}{\v\lang1033 HID_PREF_EDITOR}{\lang1033  in menu Preferences allows you to customize these automatic features of the TLisp program editor.
\par 
\par You can perform all edition operations available for }{\uldb\lang1033 Text Documents}{\v\lang1033 HIDR_TEXTTYPE}{\lang1033  like saving the program text or copying and pasting text. Additional commands however are provided in the }{\uldb\lang1033 Edit}{
\v\lang1033 menu_edit}{\lang1033  menu:
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 Command }{\uldb\lang1033 Balance}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_BALANCE}{\lang1033 
 (key F8) selects the smallest TLisp expression surrounding the current selection. Repeated actions on key F8 will select increasingly large expressions surrounding the initial position of the cursor.
\par {\pntext\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 Command }{\uldb\lang1033 Eval}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_EVAL}{\lang1033 
 (key F7) transfers the selection to the console for evaluation by the TLisp interpreter. If no text is selected, a first action on key F7 will suggest an expression, a second action on key F7 sends this expression to the interpreter.
\par {\pntext\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 Command }{\uldb\lang1033 Indent}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_INDENT}{\lang1033 
 (key TAB) automatically adjusts the indentation of the selected line. Indentation is determined by parsing the program text and identifying the syntactic constructs requiring an indentation.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par It is also possible to create a text editor from the TLisp interpreter using function <winedit>. In particular, you can use function <fedit> or macro-character <^P> to edi
t the text of a function. You can then reload this function into the TLisp interpreter using key F7. This is a very fast way to quickly program a small function.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HIDR_GRAPHTYPE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 TLisp Window}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 $} TLisp Window}}{\lang1033  TLisp Windows
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par TLisp windows contain graphics created by a TLisp program. These windows are usually created by the TLisp function <new-window> or <wbm-window>. TLisp windows are able to respond direct
ly to user events such as key strokes and mouse actions. This is the reason why most shortcut keys are disabled when a TLisp window is active.
\par 
\par For instance, if you select command }{\uldb\lang1033 Help Tool}{\v\lang1033 HID_RUN_HELPTOOL}{\lang1033 
 in the Help menu, the TLisp interpreter will execute command <helptool> which creates a window displaying help about the TLisp interpreter. This window is controlled by the library "Ogre" written in TLisp language. This is a TLisp window.
\par 
\par A few commands let you access the bitmap image displayed in a TLisp Window. You can save this image as a bitmap file "\~*.BMP\~" using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Save As}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_SAVE}{\lang1033 
 from the File menu. You can print this image using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Print}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_PRINT}{\lang1033  from the File menu. You can also copy this image to the clipboard by using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Copy}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_COPY}
{\lang1033  from the Edit menu.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Toolbar; Main Toolbar}}{\lang1033  Toolbar
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The toolbar
 provides quick mouse access to many tools used in WinTL3. The toolbar is usually displayed across the top of the application window below the menu bar. By clicking on the toolbar background, you can also move the toolbar into its specific window or attac
h it to any side of the application window. To hide or display the Toolbar, choose }{\uldb\lang1033 Show Toolbar}{\v\lang1033 HID_VIEW_TOOLBAR}{\lang1033  from the Preference menu.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1080 {\b\lang1033 Click\tab To}{\lang1033 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1080\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1080 {\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc filenewsn.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_NEW}{\lang1033 \tab Create a new TLisp document.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc filenewtxt.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_NEW}{\lang1033 \tab Create a new Text document.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc fileopen.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_OPEN}{\lang1033 \tab Open an existing document using the Open dialog box.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc filesave.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_SAVE}{\lang1033 \tab Save the active document.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc filesaveall.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_SAVE_ALL}{\lang1033 \tab Save all unsaved opened documents.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc fileprnt.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_PRINT}{\lang1033 \tab Print the active document.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc editundo.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_UNDO}{\lang1033 \tab Reverse the last editing.  Note:  You cannot undo some actions.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc editcut.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_CUT}{\lang1033 \tab Remove selected data from the document and stores it on the clipboard.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc editcopy.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_COPY}{\lang1033 \tab Copy the selection to the clipboard.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc editpast.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_PASTE}{\lang1033 \tab Insert the contents of the clipboard at the insertion point.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc editfind.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_FIND}{\lang1033 \tab Search a specified string in the current document.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc editbalance.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_BALANCE}{\lang1033 \tab Select text between matching parenthesis in a TLisp document.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc editindent.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_INDENT}{\lang1033 \tab Indent program in a TLisp document.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc editeval.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_EVAL}{\lang1033 \tab Send selected text to the TLisp interpreter.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc viewconsole.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_VIEW_CONSOLE}{\lang1033 \tab Activate or deactivate the TLisp console.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HIDR_CONSFRAME}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Console Toolbar}}{\lang1033  Console Toolbar
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par This toolbar is displayed across the top of the TLisp console. This toolbar provides quick mouse access to many useful operations related to the console window.
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1080 {\b\lang1033 Click\tab To}{\lang1033 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1080\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1080 {\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc consjump.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_CONSOLE_JUMP}{\lang1033 \tab Scroll to bottom of console.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc conshold.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_CONSOLE_HOLD}{\lang1033 \tab Toggle console hold mode.
\par }{\uldb\lang1033 \{bmc consstop.bmp\}}{\v\lang1033 HID_CONSOLE_BREAK}{\lang1033 \tab Interrupt the current TLisp evaluation.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Status Bar}}{\lang1033 Status Bar
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The status bar is displayed at the bottom of the WinTL3 window.  To display or hide the status bar, use the }{\uldb\lang1033 Show Status Bar}{\lang1033  }{\v\lang1033 HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}{\lang1033  command in the Preferences menu.
\par 
\par \{bml hlpsbar.bmp\}
\par 
\par The left areas of the status bar display a description of each command when you navigate menu commands or when you are depressing toolbar buttons. Most of the time however, the status bar simply displays a message describing the current state of the TLisp
 console.
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-2160\li2160\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx2160 {\b\lang1033 Message\tab Description}{\lang1033 
\par }\pard \fi-2160\li2160\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx2160 {\lang1033 "\~TLisp is READY\~"\tab TLisp waits for your commands.
\par "\~TLisp is RUNNING\~"\tab The TLisp interpreter is working.
\par "\~TLisp is HELD\~"\tab The TLisp console is locked with }{\uldb\lang1033 Hold Console}{\v\lang1033 HID_CONSOLE_HOLD}{\lang1033 .
\par "\~TLisp has EXITED\~"\tab The TLisp interpreter is no longer available.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par The right area of the status bar contains various indicators\~:
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-2160\li2160\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx2160 {\b\lang1033 Indicator\tab Description}{\lang1033 
\par }\pard \fi-2160\li2160\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx2160 {\lang1033 L0000 C000\tab Shows the line and column number of the selection.
\par CAP\tab The Caps Lock key is latched down.
\par NUM\tab The Num Lock key is latched down.
\par INSR\tab Automatic insertion mode is enabled (toggle with the Insert key)
\par OVRL\tab The overwrite mode is enabled (toggle with the Insert key)
\par READ\tab The current selection cannot be edited 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} menu_file}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K} Menu 
\ldblquote File\rdblquote }}{\lang1033  File menu commands
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The File menu offers the following commands:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1890\cellx8622 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 New}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_NEW}{\lang1033 \cell Create a new document.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 
\cellx1890\cellx8622 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Open}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_OPEN}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Open an existing document.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {
\uldb\lang1033 Save}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_SAVE}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Save an opened document using the same file name.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Save As}{\v\lang1033 
HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Save an opened document to a specified file name.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Save All Files}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_SAVE_ALL}{
\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Save all unsaved opened documents.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Send Mail...}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_SEND_MAIL}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 
Send the active document through electronic mail.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Print}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_PRINT}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Prints a document.\cell }\pard 
\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Print Preview}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_PRINT_PREVIEW}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Displays the document on the screen as it would appear printed.\cell }\pard 
\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1890\cellx8622 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Exit}{\v\lang1033 HID_APP_EXIT}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Exits WinTL3.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {
\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_FILE_NEW}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Creating a new document}}{\lang1033  New command (File menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to create a new document in WinTL3.  Select the type of new file you want to create in the }{\uldb\lang1033 File New dialog box}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDD_NEWTYPEDLG}{\lang1033 .
\par 
\par You can open an existing document with the }{\uldb\lang1033 Open command}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_OPEN}{\lang1033 .
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc filenewsn.bmp\}\tab \{bmc filenewtxt.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+N
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} AFX_HIDD_NEWTYPEDLG}}{\lang1033  File New dialog box
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Specify the type of document you wish to create:
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-283\li709\sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\uldb\lang1033 Text Document}{\v\lang1033 HIDR_TEXTTYPE}{\lang1033  
\par }\pard \li1080\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Selecting "Text Document" will create a text editor window implementing the usual text editing features available under Windows.
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-283\li709\sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\uldb\lang1033 TLisp Document}{\v\lang1033 HIDR_SNTYPE}{\lang1033 
\par }\pard \li1080\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Selecting "TLisp Document" will create
 a text editor window for editing TLisp programs. This text editor recognizes the TLisp syntax and provides several handy features like keyword colorization and automatic indentation.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_FILE_OPEN}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Opening a document}}{\lang1033  Open command (File menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to open an existing document in a new window.  You can open multiple documents at once.  Use the Window menu to switch among the multiple open documents.
\par 
\par You can create new documents with the }{\uldb\lang1033 New command}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_NEW}{\lang1033 .
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc fileopen.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+O
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} AFX_HIDD_FILEOPEN}}{\lang1033 File Open dialog box
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The following options allow you to specify which file to open:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 File Name
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Type or select the filename you want to open.  This box lists files with the extension you select in the List Files of Type box. 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 List Files of Type
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Select the type of file you want to open:
\par }\pard \fi-270\li720\sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 -\tab TLisp Document  (\~*.SN\~)
\par -\tab Text Document (\~*.TXT\~)
\par -\tab All Files (\~*.*\~)
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Directories
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Select the directory in which WinTL3 stores the file that you want to open.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_FILE_SAVE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Saving a document}}{\lang1033  Save command (File menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to save the active document to its current name and directory.  When you save a document for the first time, WinTL3 displays the }{\uldb\lang1033 Save As dialog box}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\lang1033 
 so you can name your document.  If you want to change the name and directory of an existing document before you save it, choose the }{\uldb\lang1033 Save As command}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}{\lang1033 .
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc filesave.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+S
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Saving a document under a different name}}{\lang1033  Save As command (File menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to save and name the active document.  WinTL3 displays the }{\uldb\lang1033 Save As dialog box}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\lang1033  so you can name your document.  
\par 
\par To save a document with its existing name and directory, use the }{\uldb\lang1033 Save command}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_SAVE}{\lang1033 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}}{\lang1033 File Save As dialog box
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The following options allow you to specify the name and location of the file you want to save:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 File Name
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Type a new filename to save a document with a different name. 
\par WinTL3 adds the extension you specify in the Save File As Type box.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Directories
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Select the directory in which you want to store the document.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 File Type
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Select which files are displayed in the view of the directory. This selection only affects what you see in the directory view. It does not prevent you from using whatever filename suffix you wish.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_FILE_SAVE_ALL}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Saving all modified documents}}{\lang1033  Save All Files (File menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to save all open documents that have been modified and not saved. If you save a document for the first time, WinTL3 displays the }{\uldb\lang1033 Save As dialog box}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\lang1033 
 to allow you to name your document.  
\par 
\par To save a specific document, use the }{\uldb\lang1033 Save command}{\v\lang1033 HID_FILE_SAVE}{\lang1033 .
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc filesaveall.bmp\}
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_FILE_SEND_MAIL}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Sending a document via electronic mail}}{\lang1033  Send Mail command (File menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to send the active document through electronic mail.  This command presents a mail window with the active document attached t
o it.  You may then fill out the To: field, Subject: field, etc., and add text to the body of the message if you wish.  When you are finished you may click the "Send" button to send the message.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_FILE_PRINT}}{\lang1033  Print command (File menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to print a document.   This command presents a }{\uldb\lang1033 Print dialog box}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDD_PRINT}{\lang1033 
, where you may specify the range of pages to be printed, the number of copies, the destination printer, and other printer setup options.}{\b\lang1033 
\par 
\par Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc fileprnt.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+P
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} AFX_HIDD_PRINT}}{\lang1033 Print dialog box
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The following options allow you to specify how the document should be printed:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Printer
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Specify the active printer.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Properties
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Display the printer setup dialog box for the active printer.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Print to file
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Indicate whether data will be sent to the printer or just saved into a file.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Print Range
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Specify the pages you want to print:
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft402 \cellx1647\cellx8622 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\b\lang1033 All\cell }{\lang1033 Prints the entire document.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft402 \cellx1647\cellx8622 \pard 
\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\b\lang1033 Selection\cell }{\lang1033 Prints the currently selected text.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft402 \cellx1647\cellx8622 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\b\lang1033 
Pages\cell }{\lang1033 Prints the range of pages you specify in the From and To boxes.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Copies
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Specify the number of copies you want to print for the above page range.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Collate Copies
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Print copies in page number order, instead of separated multiple copies of each page.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} AFX_HIDD_PRINTDLG}}{\lang1033 Print Progress Dialog
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The Printing dialog box is shown during the time that WinTL3 is sending output to the printer.  The page number indicates the progress of the printing.
\par 
\par To abort printing, choose Cancel.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\b\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_FILE_PRINT_PREVIEW}}{\lang1033  Print Preview command (File menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to display the active document as it would appear when printed.  When you choose this command, the main window will be replaced with a print preview window in which one or two pages will be displayed in their printed format.  The }{
\uldb\lang1033 print preview toolbar}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDW_PREVIEW_BAR}{\lang1033  offers you options to view either one or two pages at a time; move back and forth through the document; zoom in and out of pages; and initiate a print job.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} AFX_HIDW_PREVIEW_BAR}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #}
 AFX_HIDD_PREVIEW_TOOLBAR}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} AFX_HIDD_PREVIEW_SHORTTOOLBAR}}{\lang1033  Print Preview toolbar
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The print preview toolbar offers you the following options:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Print
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Bring up the print dialog box, to start a print job.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Next Page
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Preview the next printed page.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Prev Page
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Preview the previous printed page.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 One Page / Two Page
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Preview one or two printed pages at a time.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Zoom In
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Take a closer look at the printed page.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Zoom Out
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Take a larger look at the printed page.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Close
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Return from print preview to the editing window.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_APP_EXIT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Quitting WinTL3; Leaving WinTL3}}{\lang1033  Exit command (File menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to end your WinTL3 session.  You can also use the Close command on the application Control menu.  WinTL3 prompts you to save documents with unsaved changes.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Mouse:\tab Click the application's close box menu button.
\par \tab \{bmc appexit.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab ALT+F4
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} menu_edit}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K} Menu 
\ldblquote Edit\rdblquote }}{\lang1033  Edit menu commands
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The Edit menu offers the following commands:
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1497\cellx10212 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Undo}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_UNDO}{\lang1033 \cell Reverse previous editing operation.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd 
\trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1497\cellx10212 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Cut}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_CUT}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Delete data from the document and moves it to the clipboard.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {
\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Copy}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_COPY}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Copy data from the document to the clipboard.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0
\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Paste}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_PASTE}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Paste data from the clipboard into the document.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 
Evaluate}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_EVAL}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Transfer data from the TLisp document into the interpreter Console.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Balance}{
\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_BALANCE}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Select next balanced expression in a Tlisp document.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1497\cellx10212 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {
\uldb\lang1033 Indent}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_INDENT}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Indent selected lines in a TLisp document.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_EDIT_UNDO}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Undoing last changes; Reversing last changes}}{\lang1033  Undo (Edit menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to reverse the last editing action. This menu item is disabled when reversing the last operation is not possible.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc editundo.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+Z or
\par \tab ALT-BACKSPACE\tab 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_EDIT_SELECT_ALL}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Selecting all text in a window}}{\lang1033  Select All (Key CTRL+A)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to select all text in a text editor window. This command is not shown in the Edit menu. You can however type key CTRL+A.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Keys:\tab CTRL+A
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_EDIT_CUT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Cut, copy and paste}}{\lang1033  Cut command (Edit menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to remove the currently selected data from the document and put it on the clipboard.  This command is unavailable if there is no data currently selected.
\par Cutting data to the clipboard replaces the contents previously stored there.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc editcut.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+X
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_EDIT_COPY}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Cut, copy and paste}}{\lang1033  Copy command (Edit menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to copy selected data onto the clipboard.  This command is unavailable if there is no data currently selected. Copying data to the clipboard replaces the contents previously stored there.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc editcopy.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+C
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_EDIT_PASTE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Cut, copy and paste}}{\lang1033  Paste command (Edit menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to insert a copy of the clipboard contents at the insertion point.  This command is unavailable if the clipboard is empty.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc editpast.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+V
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_EDIT_BALANCE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Selecting TLisp expressions; Selecting balanced expressions}}{\lang1033  Balance command (Edit menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to select a balanced expression in a TLisp program editor. 
\par 
\par This command selects the smallest TLisp balanced expression surrounding the current selection. Balanced expressions start with a left parenthesis and finish with the corresponding right parenthesis. Repeated use of this command will select increasingly la
rge expressions surrounding the initial position of the cursor.
\par 
\par This command is available when a TLisp program editor is active. It is particularly useful for selecting expressions before using command }{\uldb\lang1033 Eval}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_EVAL}{\lang1033  to transfer an expression to the console.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc editbalance.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab F8
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_EDIT_EVAL}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Sending expressions to TLisp; Evaluating TLisp expressions}}{\lang1033  Evaluate command (Edit menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par This command is available when the console or a TLisp program editor is active. 
\par 
\par When some text is selected in the active window, this command copies the selected text to the bottom of the console and activates the TLisp console. The transferred text will then be read by the TLisp interpreter and evaluated. The result of this evaluati
on will be shown in the console window.
\par 
\par When no text is selected in the active window, this command heuristically selects a possible TLisp expression. In a TLisp editor window, the largest expression surrounding the caret will be selected. In the console w
indow, the user typed expression located before the caret will be selected.
\par 
\par This feature provides a very fast way to transfer a function or an expression to the console window. You first move the caret inside the function and press key F7 once (key F7 is bound to the Evaluate command) to select the function. You can then accept t
his selection and transfer the function by pressing key F7 a second time. The console window pops up and TLisp reads the function text. 
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Note}{\lang1033 
\par A special feature is activated when y
ou select all the contents of a TLisp program editor open on a recently saved file. Instead of transferring all the contents of the document to the console, the Evaluate command transfers a TLisp expression that simply loads the file represented by the pr
ogram editor.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc editeval.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab F7
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_EDIT_INDENT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Indenting TLisp programs}}{\lang1033  Indent command (Edit menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par This command is available when a TLisp program editor window is active. Use this command to automatically adjust
 the indentation of the selected line. Indentation is determined by parsing the program text and identifying the syntactic constructs requiring an indentation.
\par 
\par This command is always bound to key SHIFT+TAB. When the automatic indentation mode is active however (see }{\uldb\lang1033 Editor Settings}{\v\lang1033 HID_PREF_EDITOR}{\lang1033 
, both keys TAB and ENTER perform an automatic indentation while you type. You can therefore press key TAB instead of SHIFT+TAB.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc editindent.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab SHIFT+TAB
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} menu_search}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K} Menu 
\ldblquote Search\rdblquote }}{\lang1033  Search menu commands
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The View menu offers the following commands:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1980\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Find}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_FIND}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Display the }{\uldb\lang1033 Find Text Dialog}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDD_FIND}{\lang1033 .
\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1980\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Replace}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_REPLACE}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0
\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 Display the }{\uldb\lang1033 Replace Text Dialog}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDD_REPLACE}{\lang1033 .\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1980\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {
\uldb\lang1033 Find Next}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_REPEAT}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 Locate the next occurrence of searched text.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0
\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_EDIT_FIND}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Finding text in a document; Searching text in a document}}{\lang1033  Find command (Search menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\lang1033 
\par }{\lang1033 This menu item allows you to search a specific string in the active document window. Selecting this item displays the }{\uldb\lang1033 Find Dialog Box}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDD_FIND}{\lang1033  that controls this feature.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc editfind.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+F
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} AFX_HIDD_FIND}}{\lang1033 Find dialog box
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\lang1033 
\par }{\lang1033 This dialog box appears when you select }{\uldb\lang1033 Find}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_FIND}{\lang1033  in the Search menu.
\par 
\par The following options allow you to specify the string you want to search:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Find what
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Type the string you want to search in the active document.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Match whole word only
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Check this option if you want to search whole word (as opposed to parts of words.)
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Match case
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Check this option if you want to search a string with the same combination of uppercase and lowercase letters (as opposed to a case insensitive search.)
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Find next
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Select this button to search the next occurrence of the specified string.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_EDIT_REPLACE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Replacing text in a document; Substitute strings in a document}}{\lang1033  Replace command (Search menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\lang1033 
\par }{\lang1033 This menu item allows you to search a specific string in the active document window. Selecting this item displays the }{\uldb\lang1033 Replace Dialog Box}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDD_REPLACE}{\lang1033  that controls this feature.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }{\lang1033 \tab Keys:\tab CTRL+H
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} AFX_HIDD_REPLACE}}{\lang1033 Replace dialog box
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\lang1033 
\par }{\lang1033 This dialog box appears when you select }{\uldb\lang1033 Replace}{\v\lang1033 HID_EDIT_REPLACE}{\lang1033  in the Search menu.
\par 
\par The following options allow you to specify the string you want to search and replace:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Find what
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Type the string you want to search in the active document.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Replace with
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Type the string you want to insert where the searched string is located.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Match whole word only
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Check this option if you want to search and replace whole words (as opposed to parts of words.)
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Match case
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Check this option if you want to search and replace strings with the same combination of uppercase and lowercase letters (as opposed to a case insensitive search.)
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Find next
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Select this button to search the next occurrence of the specified string.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Replace
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Select this button to replace the selected string with the text specified in the "Replace with" box.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Replace all
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Select this button to replace all occurrences of the string specified in the "Search what" box by the string specified in the "Replace with" box.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_EDIT_REPEAT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Searching next occurrence of text; Finding next occurrence of search text}}{\lang1033  Find Next command (Search menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\b\lang1033 
\par }{\lang1033 Locate the next occurrence of the string specified in the }{\uldb\lang1033 Find Dialog Box}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDD_FIND}{\lang1033 .
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }{\lang1033 \tab Keys:\tab F3
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} menu_console}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K} Menu 
\ldblquote Console\rdblquote }}{\lang1033  Console menu commands
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The Console menu is available when the console window is active. 
\par The following commands are offered:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1980\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Break}{\v\lang1033 HID_CONSOLE_BREAK}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Interrupt the execution of a TLisp program.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {
\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1980\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Insert EOF}{\v\lang1033 HID_CONSOLE_EOF}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 
Send an End Of File character to the TLisp console.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1980\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Hold Input}{\v\lang1033 HID_CONSOLE_HOLD}{
\uldb\lang1033 \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 Enable/Disable TLisp input from the console window.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_CONSOLE_BREAK}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Interrupting TLisp; Stopping TLisp execution}}{\lang1033  Break command (Console menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to interrupt the TLisp interpreter. The execution of the running TLisp program stops immediately and TLisp enters the "Break Toplevel" mode described with the TLisp language documentation.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc consstop.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab Ctrl+Break or Pause
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_CONSOLE_EOF}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Inserting an End-Of-File character}}{\lang1033  Insert EOF command (Console menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to insert and End-Of-File character in the console buffer. You cannot simply type CTRL+Z as you do under MSDOS because this key combination has already a meaning under windows. This command is bound to key combination CTRL+D according to 
the Unix custom.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Keys:\tab CTRL+D
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_CONSOLE_HOLD}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Holding TLisp Input; Scroll Lock}}{\lang1033  Hold Input command (Console menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to prevent the TLisp interpreter to read lines from the console. This feature allows you to quietly 
edit multi-line expressions in the console buffer. Since the Hold Input command prevents the execution of TLisp commands, we have implemented several indicators signaling this condition:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\lang1033 A check mark appears besides the Hold Input command in the Console menu.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}Message "\~TLisp is HELD\~" appears in the status bar.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}The console toolbar button is depressed.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \'b7\tab}The Scroll Lock indicator led on the keyboard is on.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par You can restore the default console behavior by selecting command Hold Input again. This is quickly achieved using the shortcut key SCROLL_LOCK.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc conshold.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab Scroll Lock
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_CONSOLE_JUMP}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Jumping to the End of the Console Buffer}}{\lang1033  Jump to End of Console Buffer command (Console toolbar)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to scroll the console to the end of the console buffer.
\par 
\par This command does not appear in the Console menu. It is available as a button in the }{\uldb\lang1033 Console Toolbar}{\v\lang1033 HIDR_CONSFRAME}{\lang1033 
. This command also runs automatically whenever you try to insert text in a read-only part of the console buffer.
\par 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc consjump.bmp\}
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} menu_preferences}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K} Menu 
\ldblquote Preferences\rdblquote }}{\lang1033  Preferences menu commands
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The Preferences menu offers the following commands:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1980\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Show Toolbar}{\v\lang1033 HID_VIEW_TOOLBAR}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Shows or hides the toolbar.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row 
}\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1980\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Show Status Bar}{\v\lang1033 HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 
Shows or hides the status bar.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Editor Settings ...}{\v\lang1033 HID_PREF_EDITOR}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {
\lang1033 Shows the }{\uldb\lang1033 Editor Settings Dialog Box}{\v\lang1033  HIDD_PAGEEDIT}{\lang1033 \cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1980\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 
Console Settings ...}{\v\lang1033 HID_PREF_EDITOR}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 Shows the }{\uldb\lang1033 Console Settings Dialog Box}{\v\lang1033  HIDD_PAGECONS}{\lang1033 \cell }\pard 
\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_VIEW_TOOLBAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Hiding the Toolbar; Displaying the Toolbar}}{\lang1033  Show Toolbar command (Preferences menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to display and hide the Toolbar, which includes buttons for some of the most common commands in WinTL3, such as File Open.  A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Toolbar is displayed.
\par 
\par See }{\uldb\lang1033 Toolbar}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}{\lang1033  for help on using the toolbar.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K} H
iding the Status Bar; Displaying the Status Bar}}{\lang1033  Show Status Bar command (Preferences menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to display and hide the Status Bar, which includes useful information about the status of your WinTL3 windows.  A check mark appears next to the menu item when the status bar is displayed.
\par 
\par See }{\uldb\lang1033 Status Bar}{\v\lang1033 AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR}{\lang1033  for help on using the status bar.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_PREF_EDITOR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Setting editor font; Setting editor colors; Enabling auto-indentation; Enabling colorization}}{\lang1033  Editor Settings command (Preferences menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to display the }{\uldb\lang1033 Editor Settings Dialog Box}{\v\lang1033  HIDD_PAGEEDIT}{\lang1033 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HIDD_PAGEEDIT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Editor settings; Preferences}}{\lang1033  Editor Settings dialog box
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par This dialog box appears when you select command }{\uldb\lang1033 Editor Settings}{\v\lang1033 HID_PREF_EDITOR}{\lang1033  in the Preference menu. The following options allow you to customize various aspects of the text editor.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Font
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 This group of dialog components allows you to select a font family and a font size for displaying characters in all te
xt editor windows. This selection affects all Text Editor windows, all TLisp Program Editors and the TLisp Console.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Default Font
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Pressing this button selects the default font family and font size for displaying characters.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Colors
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
This group of dialog components allows you to select the colors used by the TLisp Program Editors. When you select a syntactical category in the list box, the color drop down menu displays the current color for that category. You can then select another c
olor if you wish.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Default Colors
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Pressing this button selects the default color for all syntactical category.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Enable Colors
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 This checkbox controls whether the TLisp Program Editors should display different colors for the keywords, comments, strings, function headers and help entry headers.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Enable Automatic Indentation
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 This checkbox controls whether the TLisp Program Editor should automatically adjust the line indentation whenever you type key TAB or ENTER.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_PREF_CONSOLE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Setting console colors; Enabling smart return key}}{\lang1033  Console Settings command (Preferences menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to display the }{\uldb\lang1033 Console Settings Dialog Box}{\v\lang1033  HIDD_PAGECONS}{\lang1033 .
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HIDD_PAGECONS}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Console settings; Preferences}}{\lang1033  Console Settings dialog box
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par This dialog box appears when you select command }{\uldb\lang1033 Console Settings}{\v\lang1033 HID_PREF_CONSOLE}{\lang1033  in the Preference menu. The following options allow you to customize various aspects of the console.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Line Width
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 This editable field controls how very long lines are printed in the console. Lines longer than the specified amount will be split and displayed as several lines.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Enable Word Wrapping
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 This checkbox indicates that long lines should be cut on syntactically acceptable boundaries. This ensures that the split line still represent a legal TLisp expression.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Colors
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
This group of dialog components allows you to select the colors used by the Console. When you select a color category in the list box, the color drop down menu displays the current color for that category. You can then select another color if you wish.

\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Default Colors
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 Pressing this button selects the default color for all color category.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Enable Colors
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 This checkbox controls whether the TLisp Console should display different colors for the texts entered by the user, the text displayed by the interpreter and the text of pending commands.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\lang1033 Enable Smart Return Key
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
This checkbox controls the effect of the ENTER key when TLisp input is not held. When this box is checked, key ENTER validates a whole line regardless of the cursor position. When this box is not set, key ENTER splits the line at the cursor position.

\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} menu_window}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K} Menu 
\ldblquote Windows\rdblquote }}{\lang1033  Window menu commands
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The Window menu offers the following commands, which enable you to arrange multiple views of multiple documents in the application window:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1572\cellx7752 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 New Window}{\v\lang1033 HID_WINDOW_NEW}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Create a new window that views the same document.\cell }\pard 
\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1572\cellx7752 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 View Console}{\v\lang1033 HID_VIEW_CONSOLE}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 
Bring the TLisp console on top of all other windows.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Cascade}{\v\lang1033 HID_WINDOW_CASCADE}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 
Arrange windows in an overlapped fashion.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Tile Horizontally}{\v\lang1033 HID_WINDOW_TILE_HORZ}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 
Arrange windows in horizontal non-overlapped tiles.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Tile Vertically}{\v\lang1033 HID_WINDOW_TILE_VERT}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 
Arrange windows in vertical non-overlapped tiles.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Arrange Icons}{\v\lang1033 HID_WINDOW_ARRANGE}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0
\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 Arrange icons of closed windows.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1572\cellx7752 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Window 1, 2, ...}{\v\lang1033 HID_WINDOW_ALL}
{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 Go to specified window.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_WINDOW_NEW}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Creating a copy of the current window}}{\lang1033  New Window command (Window menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to open a new window with the same contents as the active window.  You can open multiple document windows to display different parts
 or views of a document at the same time.  If you change the contents in one window, all other windows containing the same document reflect those changes.  When you open a new window, it becomes the active window and is displayed on top of all other open 
windows.
\par 
\par Remark: }{\uldb\lang1033 Splitting the text editor window}{\v\lang1033 HID_WINDOW_SPLIT}{\lang1033  in two panes is another way to display two views of the same document.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_WINDOW_SPLIT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Splitting the current window}}{\lang1033  Splitting a Text Editor window
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par 
\par Splitting a text editor window allows you to see two editor panes displaying different views of the same document. If you change the contents in one pane, all other panes or windows containing the same document reflect those changes.
\par 
\par To split a text editor window, drag the small handle located above the vertical scrollbar. You can then adjust the size of both panes by dragging the splitting bar. You can use key F6 to quickly move the cursor between the two panes. 
\par 
\par To revert to a single pane text editor window, double click on the splitting bar.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_VIEW_CONSOLE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Quickly accessing the console window}}{\lang1033  Show Console command (Windows menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 
\par Use this command to quickly switch between the console window and another window.
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang2057 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}
When the console window is not active, the Show Console menu item is unchecked. Selecting this command pops up the console window on top of all other windows and activates it.
\par {\pntext\tab}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang2057 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}When the console window is active, the Show Console menu 
item is checked. Selecting this command lowers the console window below all other windows and activates the second topmost window.
\par \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }{\b\lang1033 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\lang1033 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc viewconsole.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab Scroll Lock
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar 
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0}
}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_WINDOW_CASCADE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Arranging windows}}{\lang1033  Cascade command (Windows menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows in an overlapped fashion. 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_WINDOW_TILE_HORZ}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Arranging windows; Tiling windows}}{\lang1033  Tile Horizontally command (Windows menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to vertically arrange multiple opened windows in a non-overlapped fashion, 
\par All windows are extended horizontally to the size of the application window and stacked from top to bottom.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_WINDOW_TILE_VERT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Arranging windows; Tiling windows}}{\lang1033  Tile Vertically command (Windows menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to vertically arrange multiple opened windows in a non-overlapped fashion, 
\par All windows are extended vertically to the size of the application window and stacked from left to right.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_WINDOW_ARRANGE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Arranging icons}}{\lang1033  Arrange Icons command (Windows menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to arrange the icons for minimized windows at the bottom of the main window.  If there is an open document window at the bottom of the main window, then some or all of the icons may not be visible because they will be underneath this docu
ment window.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_WINDOW_ALL}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Activating an opened document; Selecting a window}}{\lang1033  Window 1, 2, 3,... (Windows menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par WinTL3 displays a list of currently open document windows at the bottom of the Window menu.  A check mark appears in front of the document name of the active window.  Choose a document from this list to make its window active.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} menu_help}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K} Menu 
\ldblquote Help\rdblquote }}{\lang1033  Help menu commands
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par The Help menu offers the following commands, which provide you assistance with this application: 
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2430\cellx7257 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Copying WinTL3}{\v\lang1033 HIDH_COPYING}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 
Display information about the WinTL3 Free License\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2430\cellx7257 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Help Contents}{\v\lang1033 HIDH_CONTENT}{\uldb\lang1033 
\cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 Display the contents of the Windows Help File.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 Help Tool}{\v\lang1033 HID_RUN_HELPTOOL}{
\uldb\lang1033 \cell }{\lang1033 Run the TLisp Portable Help System (describing the Tlisp language.)\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 About WinTL3}{\v\lang1033 HIDH_WinTL3}{\uldb\lang1033 
\cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 Display information about TL3 and WinTL3.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\uldb\lang1033 About TL/Open}{\v\lang1033 HIDH_TLOPEN}{
\uldb\lang1033 \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 Display information about TL/Open\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2430\cellx7257 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {
\uldb\lang1033 About Neuristique}{\v\lang1033 HIDH_NSA}{\uldb\lang1033 \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 Display information about Neuristique s.a.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\lang1033 \row }\pard 
\fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_RUN_HELPTOOL}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Help about the TLisp language}}{\lang1033  Help Tool (Help menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Activating this command sends string " (\~helptool\~) " to the TLisp interpreter. 
\par 
\par This function creates a window for the portable TLisp help system. All TLisp functions and primitives are described there.  You can achieve the same result by typing this command yourself into the TLisp console.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20\brdrcf9 \b\f5\cf9\lang2057 {\lang1033 \page }{\cs15\f0\fs16\cf10\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 +} 0
}}{\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 #} HID_APP_ABOUT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\cs15\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 K}
 Obtaining WinTL3 version number}}{\lang1033  About command (Help menu)
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \f2\fs20\lang2057 {\lang1033 
\par Use this command to display the copyright notice and version number of your copy of WinTL3.
\par 
\par }}